I conventions and conferences, we can. I present my research so I often
go because I'm presenting new research. And conventions and conferences
are great places to meet other colleagues generally, who are other
places? Other universities, Um, and who are doing maybe slightly
different things. And you're doing what? You're all kind of doing
something around the same topic. Let's say s so it's a really wonderful
opportunity to meet with these folks and hear about what they're
doing. Present your data, get their feedback. Um, eso So it's a way
that that scientists used to keep current on DNO. Kind of What? What
are the latest developments in their field?